[Docs] Improve cross links for models `Page`, `Parameter`, `RadioItems`, `RangeSlider`, `Slider`, `Switch` (#1417)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/custom-components.md

    * You do not wish to address anything other than your custom component's core component.
    * You are happy to [use Dash properties as input and output](#dash-properties-as-input-and-output).

> To [map your model's fields onto Dash component properties](../user-guides/custom-actions.md#model-arguments-as-input-and-output) you can define further entries in `_action_inputs` and `_action_outputs`. For example, let's say we wanted to add [radio items](./selectors.md#categorical-selectors) so the user can select which movie to rate. When the movie is selected, it will trigger an action that updates the `title` of our custom `Rating` component. This corresponds to the following Dash component produced in the `Rating` model's `build` method:

Reviewer: In this example the `"radio-items"` doesn't play a role of the categorical selector, but the pure `vm.RadioItems` component instead. 

```suggestion
To [map your model's fields onto Dash component properties](../user-guides/custom-actions.md#model-arguments-as-input-and-output) you can define further entries in `_action_inputs` and `_action_outputs`. For example, let's say we wanted to add a [radio items][vizro.models.RadioItems] model so the user can select which movie to rate. When the movie is selected, it will trigger an action that updates the `title` of our custom `Rating` component. This corresponds to the following Dash component produced in the `Rating` model's `build` method:
```
